Restructuring container docs (#886)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: _uw-research-computing/apptainer-build.md

--- 

This guide describes the general process for creating an Apptainer container. 

> Specifically, we discuss the components of the "definition file" and how that file is used to construct or "build" the container itself. For a more step-by-step description of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, we discuss the components of the "definition file" and how that file is used to construct or "build" the container itself. **Use this guide as a reference to help customize the contents of your container.** For a step-by-step tutorial of 
```
